=== POST CONTENT ===
Title: Man i'm so pissed
Author: ChartFun
Score: 78
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/TemasekPoly/comments/1ii3zd8/man_im_so_pissed/
Created: 2025-02-05 14:34:08
Body: I've realised some people are truly fucking shit, be it in and/or out of class. Like during grp projects they're lazy af and don't actively do anything, sometimes I feel like a fucking kindergarten teacher trying to get people to do something. FFS how useless can you be, can you help. But I can't get myself to call them out since most of the people in the group don't do anything, and I have a grp project due on Friday NOBODY IS FUCKING DOING ANYTHING. I check my ppt after we agreed to work on it tdy and I"M THE ONLY ONE ONLINE DOING SHIT. I Have to call them out to do shit, and haven't been able to sleep well bc of this fucking project yet everyone acting all happy-go-lucky.


=== COMMENTS ===
Comment by reapertorn: managed to clutch innova project where everyone start to do it one day before presentation i guess im considered lucky alr 😂

Comment by Mean_Psychology1078: Same my group also like that. But for the sake of gpa, just have to carry and do everyone work. That’s why form a clique in year 1 who are serious and will do work.

Comment by ursulaye: hahaha bruh i had some teammates like this too, give you an easy tip: inform them that if they do not submit their contribution by “xxx” date, their name will be removed from the assignment submission. bruh you will be shocked at how swiftly the submissions will come in 🤣 also keep evidence of their no response to you so can show lecturer if asked

Comment by IndependentNo6105: same experience for cict, some guy hovered over the introduction page for the whole night before the presentation and only started doing his minimum 4 slides for it during the presentation itself, had to request a slot swap

Comment by JackAllTrades06: You just have to ‘tahan’ and finish the project work since GPA is dependent on it.

My kids faced the same problem. Just told them to do it. Sure the other might have a free pass but at the same time it will also have an impact on your GPA. Telling the lecturer will not do anything. They expect team work but you have to suffer alone.

But remember, this will build up your resilience for the working life.

Comment by Potential-Donut6922: bro my CICT group isn’t even grouping idk why its called a group project if everyone does their own things 😎

Comment by Obscuro1937: Can't even ask for help cuz everybody else is procrastinating until deadline.

Comment by getmyhandswet: What till you start working and realize how your colleagues are 🤩

Comment by BudgetDevv: Oh my, that's what we did for CICT and Innova - Just speedran the slides in an all nighter. Good thing they're non-graded haha

Comment by Automatic_Phone8204: formed a clique in y1 with like minds, managed to dip my toes in another clique, clique kinda drifted but still friends

y2 and im in the second clique with average 3.8gpa, but by the end of y2 it's all projects and the friendship is on lifeline because no one wants to touch the projects til one week before submissions except for one person

luckily i had to group with others because the group was full already

Comment by ChartFun: yikes, that's next level lazy

Comment by JustToBeMe: Presentation on demand

Comment by IndependentNo6105: with demand comes supply ahh teammate bro 💀🙏


