=== POST CONTENT ===
Title: IIT PPL I NEED HELP
Author: PossessionOk5665
Score: 13
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/TemasekPoly/comments/1irime9/iit_ppl_i_need_help/
Created: 2025-02-17 20:22:16
Body: I have signed up into bda (alr done cannot back out) starting y1 this yr and finished olvl last yr
I suddenly see all those rants about how bad tp iit is and it's making me so nervous loll 
can yall say stuff you enjoyed or which was good about the course/ school (like genuinely pls)
Or  advice on what to prepare b4 starting poly 
Or warnings on what to avoid and expect, what not to have high hopes on (i need to brace myself eh) 
Ty


=== COMMENTS ===
Comment by iamnothingbuta: its bad but not ass, self studying is the only way you are getting good grades

Comment by Forward_Age6095: i’m also joining tp iit this year and i was stressed about seeing all this too, then i did my own research and a that every other poly’s it sch has relatively similar issues too, and i’ve come to the conclusion that it’s not any poly’s fault. IT is a very fast moving industry and the education system for it reflects that. as much as the schools or lecturers want to try their best to teach the latest most relevant content, it’s not possible in this industry. the whole thing about IT is keeping YOURSELF updated and staying competitive in this industry and this education in poly is all about foundations in your technically skills and also getting you ready and capable of being independent in your studies and not having to fall back on others for assistance, as a form of testing and improving you before you move on to the work industry for IT, which is a WHOLE different level of competition.

Comment by Usual_Ad6982: Im gonna get downvoted to hell for this but imma just say it. The reason why people call iit bad it because they don't understand the whole idea of tertiary education. Poly is alot of self guided learning. Ik for a fact all those people who complained didn't even once open their computers and study the modules content. And since they're scared for the upcoming exams or projects they start panicking and pushing the blame to the school. Projects for example, we're are given ample about of time to do projects but you only see people start talking about it a few days before submission cause they started on the last week when the project specs were given ages ago. Ive talked to other about the topic and slot of them agree with what I'm saying. So don't listen to those post about people complaing. I for one am enjoying TP IIT and many others are also. Just do the work and study and you'll be fine.

Comment by ProfessionalNose3250: U can do it queen

Comment by definitelytroaxx: my 2 cents: 

pros: 

- y1 learning way better compared to some polys (e.g tp got more hands on practice compared to rp it year 1 where they learn the bare basics and mostly theory) 
- tp overall the resources provided, sch facilities, sch upkeep etc is not anyth to complain abt. its so so but better than other poly 
- if u care abt sports prestige for some sports we are consecutive polite / ivp champions which is not a easy feat 

cons:
- management kinda relies too much on chatgpt to teach the curriculum but if you develop your own study plan and study on your own it's still possible to excel
- assessments may be a little too tough to a o lvl student cause all yall know is to study but not do hands on work but u will get used to it. if not how to weed out the good students? 
- maybe the teaching style slightly outdated (still using .then instead of an asynchronous function) 
- things in industry like using github or branches is not taught immediately when coming in which kinda makes u lose out on collaborative learning if u wanna do that in y1 

overall actly tp is ok u just need to do everything on ur own which isnt impossible but yall r so funny abt the "shld i change course cause so many iit rant posts!!"

Comment by Fantastic_Spray_6241: Dont worry just find online courses to study from cause most teachers here dont know how to teach they just take the slides, rephrase some words and when you need help they just ask you to refer to the slides or labsheets

Comment by Terrible_Condition24: My only complaint was that time when the school release the ADEV-DBAV notes that could be of great help for our project right after the 1 month holidays , 1/2 weeks before the dateline. THEY COULD HAVE SENT ALL THE NOTES NECESSARY TO START ON OUR PROJECT WHEN THE HOLIDAY STARTED. Like wtf is that 1 month for sia. 
I would just say IIT management is sometimes shit. Also right the teachers all have different marking standards which I find it super unfair at times.

Comment by Asleep-Web-2313: have basics in javascript and python. chatgpt is your best friend, classmates help each other. thats how my class survived. self studying is also very important cos tbh the curriculum is ass

Comment by mount2010: I'm definitely not struggling (3.8 GPA) but I do see my classmates struggling. To a certain extent I think the school is at fault. I completely agree that poly and the workplace is about self-learning, but this point was not put clearly across to students, and many students who do well in O-levels (I know quite a few students who had the option to go to JC but came here instead) do not do well here because of that struggle to adjust. 

Controversial opinion, but I think the pace of learning is too slow. It makes students too comfortable, and makes them misjudge the pace of learning that is needed to keep up with the IT world. It's definitely not a cakewalk. A coding bootcamp outside would reach at least dictionaries in maybe 3 to 4 weeks (even if you independently do Codeacademy or something this would be your speed). Yet in TP it's about one year before they even breach the concept in DSAG. 

I mean, look at how many students struggled coding a basic Python menu in COMT Quiz 2 Page 2 Question 2. The fact that after half a year of three years of learning, students cannot do something that is basic to, say, a Junior Developer at a business is alarming.

The focus on AI does not help as well - many students assume that AI can do everything for them, and hence they do not need to do any rigourous work anymore. However, the work that we will be doing is to fix the issues created by the AI, and without manual understanding of the concepts, it is hard to believe anyone would want to hire a poly graduate. I don't think it's very safe to assume everyone will move on to uni as well.

Maybe Y2 is better, but Y1 is definitely an issue, and I hope they will work on it for the next batch. 

In addition, so many of my classmates still have this misconception that impressing the lecturers matters more than being accurate. *You really do not need to yap, and yap in your reports and presentations.* If you truly know the material you'd have a lot to talk about already. ChatGPT is a yapping machine, don't be ChatGPT. Learn the material correctly, be accurate. Being accurate is way preferable to yapping. 

Another thing I'd like to note, is that IT is an industry in which you have to play around with the tools in order to understand them. Many students were not urged by the school to do this. 

What I really want TP IIT to do is to work with their industry partners, give an in-depth reanalysis of their syllabus, and make sure that the syllabus is still matching the skillset and needs of the current industry. As it stands, I worry for my classmates, I don't think they are ready for the rigour in Y2. And I do feel like that is partially the school's fault.

Comment by pokkagreentea100: hi, I just feel like you are putting down those who rant just based of the way you write, and my interpretation of your comment is literally if you rant = don't study = lazy. 

While I do see your points, actually, most of these rants aren't necessarily about submitting work late, starting projects late, etc.

the whole reason why people rant is to let their frustrations out, and some of these students have legitimate frustrations. 

 For example, the coordination between teachers on standards for students can be improved, what is taught in COMT may have been repeated in DSAG, or even the extremely vague marking scheme in NECT, and these are valid rants because these can affect our grades and future, but can definitely be tackled on and to improve students experience in IIT.

You and some others may be enjoying your school life, but that doesn't mean others are, and that doesn't meant everything is perfect.

OP, if you are reading, the og commentator does make a very good point on self guided learning. but remember, you are in a post secondary institution where all walks of life come together to learn. and sometimes, you just need a bit more understanding towards peers who are slower/ may not be like you. And also, just because there are complaints doesn't make this school bad, there are just areas of improvement.

Comment by Fix-IIT: As someone with As and a distinction I can confidently disagree with you

Comment by gunJOusts: I would say to a certain extent that I agree, like yeah there are confm gonna be students who study last min and get fucked lah. But I would say that on your point on self guided learning, I think that this should be helped by the school at the very least. The labs they provide are fine I guess, but if they want us to do extra learning, which I'm sure they do, I feel like they should also help provide the link to those resources at the very least. I know DSAG does this, but other modules such as ADEV/DBAV we have no extra help, or if we do it's very buried. It doesn't help that teachers are inconsistent between classes, with some offering consults while others don't. If we were provided extra resources from the school for such a monster subject like ADEV, then I feel like rants wouldn't have been so common. Yes, we can search for such resources ourselves, but it doesn't matter if what I learnt online isn't going to be helpful with getting good grades for my module. School provided resources solve this as we know this is approved at least. Netacad for NECT is a good example of this I would say.

Also, I disagree with the project stuff. The time that we got was only around a month for ADEV, which although is technically doable, it's the same way that it's technically doable to drink a jug of water in one gulp. It's unpleasant, it feels rushed and you don't feel very happy by the end of it. For such a daunting project, finishing it in a month feels very squeezed.
 
People had  problems with NECT for a completely different reason, which I think can be best said as rubrics being super vague and not at all helpful. They give you only a general 'good great excellent' as guidelines, but ultimately that is subjective. Saying something such as 'thorough coverage of so and so' would have been better. Even our O Level Oral Rubrics were more detailed.

Comment by PossessionOk5665: Thanks this is actually so comforting lmaoo

Comment by Usual_Ad6982: TLDR don't listen to the rants, it's their own fault they are struggling.

Comment by PossessionOk5665: Do you have any suggestion on what olvl students should do to equip themselves before coming into iit? Since I have 2 months anyways lol

Comment by milwel-: fwiw, take it from an alumni (2024 batch)

in terms of syllabus, TP dip IT is by far the best out of every poly's curriculum, you're in good hands and it will go very very far for industry use. I've had interviews & talked with companies who were **all** very surprised by the stuff we were learning (in a good way), and your syllabus should be even better suited now, based on the feedback we gave the lecturers & course admin

Y1 stuff is kinda hard to fix because its mostly tied up in paperwork, so it's hard to change, be glad yall are doing Python for COMT and not Java anymore (though this one all of my seniors and my friends disagree on the change but it's better for u guys anyways).

as for the AI/chatgpt stuff, that one is uhh, on you guys lol, don't rely on AI pls

Comment by TheoryPatient6067: So as a high achiever, and complaining about this, would this make me “lazy”? Or not good enough to understand tertiary education? Thanks.

Comment by mount2010: Actually got one website by the TP ITSIG about this, go and click around the Y1S1 area since all students take the same mods in Y1: https://tp-itsig.github.io/

They link to useful resources for you to prepare.

Comment by definitelytroaxx: learn basic python and the basics of networking first. i think these are the parts most ppl have trouble with. nested loops, functions would be the hardest. 

  
for networking, u shld learn IIS, how to operate a VM, ftp services

Comment by PossessionOk5665: Omg this is so useful thanksss!!!

Comment by milwel-: can't believe our juniors are still updating our site 😭

the reason y2 is missing is because i was too busy doing other stuff to do it, btw we had resources from all the other diplomas Y2S1 already in an excel sheet, i just didnt have the time to put them into the github

Comment by mount2010: If you'd like help inserting the contents into the website pop me a DM! I'm pretty okay at TS and react.


