=== POST CONTENT ===
Title: my experience w/consultancy internships
Author: Adventurous-Dog17
Score: 23
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/TemasekPoly/comments/1iu4a6e/my_experience_wconsultancy_internships/
Created: 2025-02-21 01:39:05
Body: yo, i'm a y3 iit student. i'm finishing my internship soon, and i thought it'd be good to write down how much of a nightmare it was for me during my internship. i might just be spoiled or wtv, but i hope my experience will help sway your decisions.

in my personal opinion i would highly advice against it. i recommend you self source and get yourself one that you know you will enjoy and handle well, or if the school gives you something like ncs etc take it. i know a few students who are working in the school without an allowance and are suffering from it but my post isnt about that. this was an internship tp gave me, and i honestly wished i took more time to self source instead

as a consultancy intern, you'll probably get the higher end of pay, $800/mth, but thats only for the company to meet the minimum for the global ready talent program, where they'll be compensating half of your allowance, so they only pay $400 instead of the minimum $600. you will be expected to work OT and on weekends. in my case, my boss did not compensate me for my OT. 

the management at my company was horrible, as an smc, there was only like, 1-2 people properly managing the company, dont expect much, the management style is way different from local companies. me and my coworker didnt get out emails till november/december, and we were only onboarded in like early december

in my experience as an intern, until you're onboarded for projects, you'll be working on inhouse projects. we did this for about a month. 8 hours of coding a day, pretty standard

once you're onboarded is where the fun begins, its really a gamble with whatever your company picks up as a project. if you're lucky and your company cares about you, you'll get something where your mentor will teach you something and guide you through while giving you hands on experience. for me, it was trial by fire.

if you have multiple projects you'll be bouncing from place to place, working hours vary but usually 9-6, i had some where the people were super kind and caring, while some were an absolute nightmare to deal with, both personality and demand wise. for me, after the first month of projects i was just assigned to a more urgent project.

i moved to a new office for the project, 3-4 months i spent in the office, i rarely saw my mentor/supervisor, he was there occasionally when meetings required him but he never taught me much and i never saw him much. even when communicating with him he's redirect my queries to other senior staff who i'd rely on as my mentors instead. mostly these senior staffs would work remotely, occasionally appearing in office for about 2-3 hours a day. the projects i did were really the epitomy of 'rush to wait, wait go rush', the start had a lot of downtime, where i wasnt allowed to go home until 6pm, so i'd be working on inhouse projects, but as deadlines loomed closer, the amount of work you'd have to rush and do become more and more. you'll be assigned tasks where you won't know shit, so you'll have to self learn or hopefully find someone to teach you. oh also btw most tasks you'll be assigned will require you to wait until after office hours where other people are done working before you start operating. my latest working day was 12am, hadnt had dinner then too. and half the time you wont even meet these deadlines too and will need to have a meeting to extend. expect some of your work to be completely invalidated due to doing it wrong or changes made that you were not updated about. also you'll be thrown under the bus a lot, you'll be given work to do by other people who think you're free, you'll be made to take the blame, and you will be worked like a fulltime worker at a fraction of the cost

anyways, positive thing about this was i learnt a lot and got a lot of hands on experience. but at what cost? this month alone i worked almost 50 hours of unpaid OT, i still have to work on the weekends too, my sleep and eating schedule are fucked and i'm always tired. i have panda eyebags.

take a consultancy internship at your own risk, idk if this is the right place but needed to talk my shit


=== COMMENTS ===
Comment by Adventurous-Dog17: some spelling errors here and there, i apologize, tired, had a long day today, but this is just my experience, not all consultancy companies may be like this, not all projects either, i might just have been unlucky and had a bad case. but i also wanted to mention some things to keep an eye out for

1. tp will not care how much ot you work, that is under the organisation’s business. i dont think tp shows you the info before signing, they’ll just ask if you want an opportunity for an internship and send in your resume. my liasion officer just told me to work harder, compensation is also up to the company, but dont expect off days or less working hours as consultation companies go by the tasks that need to be met, you can’t just abandon it and go off early

2. dont expect any company funding for certifications and what not. they most likely hired you for cheap labour, you’ll be working your ass off. my company gave me 0 funding whatsoever, any certifications that i took (in my very little free time) was with my own money

3. please check reviews for your company, be it glassdoor or whatsoever, do some background research for the love of god. i regret not doing mine

Comment by definitelytroaxx: can you namedrop in dms the company 🤫

Comment by IamNotAddictedLol: just curious , was yours 1 yr or 6 months , also for the minimum pay i think might have changed , im in iit and at least the school states minimum is “1.2k” however some students have internships with lower pay ba

Comment by Low_Nobody_5690: Can we choose our internship?

Comment by stayhandsome: Welcome to the workforce I guess. 

Internship is mostly about giving you the sneak peek of what adult working life is. You will apply abit of what you learn from school, learn abit from your mentor, but mostly is really to adjust you to what’s ahead of you once you graduate and join the workforce. You did amicable in a sense that you know what you want once it’s done. That’s the whole lesson to learn from it. In fact, it’s the same lesson I learned when I finished my internship. I crossed the company from my list and the whole industry. Was from an engineering course, interned in a manufacturing company, don’t like the experience, pursued business management when getting my degree.

Anyway, i chuckled when you mentioned ncs is a better experience then you advice looking at reviews via glassdoor. i do not fault you at all because you are green and encountered hell. But hell has levels. Be careful out there. :)

Comment by casper_07: I got my internship in TP grounds. It was after Covid started dying down a little so we could just enter daily and my mentor assigned me software tasks. I would rarely see him every day and so I just told him I’ll WFH and I did for 80% of the internship period. God knows what I was working on during that period but even at peak efficiency, my mentor was busy to even assign much tasks so the overall workload would’ve only went up maybe 50% at most. Easiest 4.0 for the semester, the report was more annoying to write than the actual work done at times

Honestly, u should be able to fuck them over for this despite the liaison officer saying otherwise. Call MOM and ask them about all the details, if you’re wrong then whatever but if you’re right then at least u might be reassigned to another internship

Comment by casper_07: If u outsource yourself, u should be able to. Other than that, pray u get one in school honestly. I’ve had friends that were doing warehouse work that had nothing to do with their diploma and it’s so hard to gas up what you’re doing since even if u got your referral, they’ll likely expose the fact it’s a warehouse role when called by a hiring manager


