=== POST CONTENT ===
Title: CCA in TP
Author: ActComprehensive9319
Score: 18
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/TemasekPoly/comments/1iwb9sv/cca_in_tp/
Created: 2025-02-23 22:26:03
Body: Hi guys im sharing y1 in april and i’d like to join CCAs to help build up my portfolios. Most likely no sports because i dont enjoy sports, unless its swimming or bowling (basically the less strenuous ones that arent in the heat….) 

Any CCA recommendations that i could join that would help build up my portfolio for uni? And i’d like to ask if a CCA that requires lesser commitment like maybe event based / once a month VS a CCA with two days a week commitment, are they both equally recognised on your portfolio? 




=== COMMENTS ===
Comment by nothappygooutside: community service club!! everything is on an adhoc basis and the events can actually be fun, you will receive SEAL points for each event you go for :) no commitments! 

CCAs with fixed commitments are usually like arts and sports. but those CCAs generally quite hard to get in unless you have prior experience. most clubs are adhoc, some are fixed commitment like debate. but you can still get leadership positions in clubs (provided that you are very active and have the desired qualities) which is beneficial to your portfolio.

either way i think being active in a cca, regardless of what cca it is, will look good on your portfolio. if you really wanna strive high then go for a leadership position! in TP you get SEAL points for being class rep as well, so dont be afraid to go for that

Comment by pokkagreentea100: hi, you may be looking for ad hod/ event based CCAs. as what someone mentioned, Community service club is an example. Of course, there are many more, like TP lionhearters, TP sport club, there's also your course interest group and school's studies club.

how these works is that once in a while, there are events. each event you attend, you earn seal points. 1 event 5 service points, max 120 service points.

Comment by None: [deleted]

Comment by canismajoris111: im gonna be honest; ccas are great for boosting your portfolio, but dont get too caught up with them.

if there was a cca I would have to recommend, it would definitely be tpsustig (sustainability interest group). it’s all event based, the work is not too strenuous either, they have an amazing community, and there are many amazing opportunities for building up your portfolio. 

the great thing is, there isn’t a limit to how many ccas you can join, which means for event based ccas (if you are not signing up to be part of a subcommittee which is a different thing), you essentially can join as many as you wish since joining the cca is basically signing up for a newsletter for events.

however, I must note that dont get too caught up with it, as there are plenty of opportunities to build it up in TP, and boosting your portfolio comes in different ways, which you will learn more in regards to the seal point system, and how each type of event contributes to a different area in your portfolio (some areas are harder to get!)

all the best, and hope you enjoy TP!

Comment by yohjiscream: If you’re interested in pursuing arts in uni, DMPC.

Comment by scams-are-everywhere: You don’t need a portfolio to enter uni, please pick things you’re interested in rather than going just for the portfolio

Comment by ActComprehensive9319: Ok tysm!!! This is super informative:)

Comment by PossessionOk5665: Dang they allow you to join that many ccas??

Comment by meop1: r u in dmpc?

Comment by ActComprehensive9319: Yes but a strong portfolio along with a good GPA would significantly increase my chances to get into uni, no?

Comment by yohjiscream: Grad alr bro

Comment by scams-are-everywhere: No it does not, for entrance into uni all you need is a good gpa,, you only need your portfolio if your grades make the cut for scholarship application

Comment by ActComprehensive9319: Hmmmm okay thanks for the insight! My friend had a 4.0 bur got rejected from local uni  cause many jc students applied and her portfolio wasnt strong enough 😅 she ended up taking a gap year and went on to applying the next year

Comment by scams-are-everywhere: 4.0 cgpa or for just her final sem? Also what course? I find it extremely hard to believe that a 4.0 can get rejected from local uni

Comment by ActComprehensive9319: Yes 4.0 overall hahahah i was shocked too that she got rejected

Comment by ActComprehensive9319: And law management

Comment by scams-are-everywhere: Relevant or irrelevant course matters as well

Comment by scams-are-everywhere: Well law is a competitive course to enter, and there is the aptitude test + interview where your gpa doesn’t matter anymore once you’ve hit the cutoff, it’s about how well you do there that determines whether you can enter not your portfolio


