=== POST CONTENT ===
Title: For all students, current and future.
Author: gunJOusts
Score: 43
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/TemasekPoly/comments/1iwv655/for_all_students_current_and_future/
Created: 2025-02-24 14:00:30
Body: Hello! It has become clear that IIT y1 was way more challenging than most of us anticipated. However, we did not have a reliable resource to turn to back then. We want to change this, which is why a group of friends and I have started up a moderated, community discord server for TP IIT!

This server is meant to serve as a moderated community to help new and current students with coding, schoolwork, assignment clarification, etc. We don't want students to have to struggle with unclear marking rubrics or the like, as I'm sure many y1s are familiar with. 

Of course, this is not only for IIT students, or even students in general. IIT Lecturers, students from other diplomas, y'all are also free to join! We mainly just want to create a helpful community. 

Link: [https://discord.gg/UWqrCTuWKm](https://discord.gg/UWqrCTuWKm)

Also, because I know some will ask this, we chose discord over telegram and WhatsApp because it's easier to create and manage communities on discord. If you don't have a discord account, it's free to make.


=== COMMENTS ===
Comment by No_Morning6385: hi! i graduated with a degree in comp sci and would love to help out! 😀

Comment by Aikawa_Tofu_0240: Not from IIT but I would like to know people from other diplomas too :D

Comment by Healthy-Law-5803: Has there been any improvements changes or anything done to lessons across the IT school to fix and address the issues and concerns?

Comment by Minseous: When the school is useless

Comment by gunJOusts: As said in the post, Ur welcome to join!

Comment by never_supernova: It takes two hands to clap.

Comment by Aikawa_Tofu_0240: Thank you OP 🙏

Comment by getmyhandswet: But aren't schools supposed to help good and bad students? If they can only help good students strive, that's a pretty redundant school.

Comment by never_supernova: The poly really tries their best to help the weaker students. If students struggle but want to learn, come to class, do the work, and submit assignments, the lecturers will help them as much as possible. Most lecturers will go all out to support them, and most students do appreciate it. Even if one or two lecturers don’t there are others who will help or they can talk to their care person.

But quite a few students just skip class, sleep or play phone during lesson, don’t submit assignments, or always hand in late. Some just leech off their group mates for projects. You won’t believe the attitude for these types. The lecturers will still try to encourage them, guide them, and give chances to improve. But if they don’t change, sooner or later, they have to face the consequences. And when that happens, some will end up here just to complain about school, their lecturers, assignments, or even their classmates. 

Like I said, it takes two hands to clap. Poly isn't just anyhow pass, or the diploma becomes worthless and affects all the students badly.

Comment by gunJOusts: As true as this is the school didn't find internships for third year's when they said they would, I don't think the original comment was referring to those who slacked.

Comment by never_supernova: Students are supposed to find their own internships, just like when looking for a job. And even if the school finds for them, most companies will have an interview which students can still mess up (of course they will often blame everyone else). If they really can't get, then they can do in the school. Of course they complain no allowance, but they are free to find their own. But internship isn't just about the money, which is a short sighted view some students have. At some point in year 3 especially they have to start less hand holding. Poly gives a lot of support but isn't Harry Potter school of magic lol. Most students do ok, except for the few who like to  grumble online here and blame everyone but themselves for their academic problems which could have been helped right from the start in year 1 if they had a more positive attitude.


