=== POST CONTENT ===
Title: pfp biz
Author: No-Scene-2942
Score: 2
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/TemasekPoly/comments/1j3s7z2/pfp_biz/
Created: 2025-03-05 10:06:39
Body: hello !! i’m gonna be a pfp biz student soon so i have some qns to gain more insight abt pfp life in tp;

1. what’s your schedule like? is working while studying manageable?

2. is pfp life hectic? i’ve seen alot of mixed reactions online where some say pfp is easy while others say pfp year shouldnt be taken lightly even if there’s no gpa

that’s all my qns for now! thank you 😁


=== COMMENTS ===
Comment by Alarmed-Elk5912: hi ! 
1. honestly, the schedule is relatively relaxed despite the amount of modules and stuff, but u will be given flex week which is a godsend! 

2. yes, personally id say do try ur best because, even if GPA isn’t involved, the moment you fail a module you are at risk of being kicked out of poly entirely. Which will force u to restart in ite or sec 5 if available

Comment by Braydentann: 1) it is more manageable as compared to y1 as it is a foundation year
2) It is relatively easy as long as you do not slack. If u choose to be part of our CCA PFP Ambassadors, then you are expected to balance work and cca!

Comment by No-Scene-2942: ohh so do we usually start sch at 9 and end at 5-6pm kind of thing? i would like to know more abt the school timing for pfp students 😅

Comment by Traditional_Bar5347: may I ask what activities are invovled in pfp ambassadors?

Comment by No-Scene-2942: ohh i see…how many days per week do u usually have to report to sch? i rlly want to continue working while studying so im js trying to get an idea of pfp schedule

Comment by HalfAble6245: Hi OP, yes! For me, lessons are usually from 9-5, there will also be times where your timetable will start as late as 2pm but end at 6pm. Similarly, lessons will end at 1pm on Fridays but may start at 9am. This was what I experienced, hope this helps!

Comment by No_Profession9091: Its more of an event based cca like involving in FOP and OH and small ones like Games Night and PFPirates.

Comment by Braydentann: For PFP, as we want you to be well prepared for the rigour, most classes have sch on all days. However, in y1, you will have lessons on days ranging from 2-5 days depending on ur sch. 

I suggest working on flex weeks, study week, vacation, etc. Once your timetable is out, you may reschedule your work dates if you end earlier on certain days.

Comment by No-Scene-2942: ohh thank you !!

Comment by HalfAble6245: No problem! Feel free to ask any questions:)


