Comment by Acauclya: The usual algebra, geometry and trigonometry & calculus.

Comment by Gwenlover3000: Hi, fellow AMS student here. For Engineering maths 1, they did stuff like limits, algebra, geometry etc. For EM2, its all calculus like differentiation, integration etc. But its all super basic level. So don't have to worry much. All the best for Aviation management 👍🏻

Comment by Training_Peanut_4339: Fresh AMS Graduate. EM was a mixed of O Level A Math and JC Math. Plentiful of resources and additional support such as Learning Support Group that takes place out of lessons with the module head. I had a fellow classmate from ITE in a similar position as you and he managed to pass EM as well.

That being said, EM is a core module, hence you need to retake if you fail to fulfil graduation requirement. Hope this helps!

  
Edit: typo

Comment by Applego12345: Normally the lecturer will start from the very basic or would they expect the students to know it already?

Comment by Applego12345: Is there any mention from the course manager that states that if you fail a module, you will be withdrawn from the course?

Comment by Applego12345: Hi sry, my friend tried to applied ams last time and during the interview I heard he was given a math question like cos thetha. Is this true?

Comment by Applego12345: Hi, for aptitude test for the interview, normally what is being asked for it? Currently doing up my eae choices

Comment by Acauclya: They will guide you, dont worry.

Comment by Gwenlover3000: If I remember correctly, you won't be withdrawn from the course. But you will have to retake that module next semester I believe. I could be wrong though.

Comment by Gwenlover3000: I didn't had any interview so I'm not aware of this. I was a PFP graduate who went to year 1. Sorry

Comment by Apprehensive-Trip667: hey i got into this course through eae last year they didnt ask me any math related question but alot more on aviation side like things about being a pilot as i said i wanted to be a pilot they so asked some things relating to airport management too

Comment by Training_Peanut_4339: Wah, my EAE interview for AMS was in 2020, cannot really remember much. But I recalled getting asked why AMS, especially when the industry was at all time low because of Covid, why did I picked the diploma route when my results shows that most likely I am able to comfortably enter a JC, strength and weaknesses and how I can contribute to the diploma as a student and alumni.

Comment by Apprehensive-Trip667: hey for aptitude test it was a series of 30 questions to be done in 20minutes its alot of iq test kinda question like pattern recognition and some basic math

edit: i got in through eae last year

Comment by Applego12345: What about computer programming, quantitative methods and data visualisation and analysis. Do they require more time for it?

Comment by Applego12345: Oh ok thanks

Comment by Gwenlover3000: For computer programming and quantitative methods, the lectures will guide you from the beginning and help you along the way. Quantitative methods is basically statistics. Whereas for data visualisation and analysis, it's a continuation of both computing and QMethods. You will take this in year 2 so don't worry too much about it. If you have any basic computing skills it will definitely help, but if you don't have any it's okay

