Comment by AlertYogurtcloset604: helloo!! im nt applying for vet tech but i did go over to their open house and asked what they wanted to see during eae so i'll js put it here briefly aights 

- aptitude test: knowledge abt the sector, mayb some questions about treatment  
- interview : REALLY SHOW ALOTTTT OF INTEREST, might ask some questions that judge ur morals as well since it's technically in the saving lives sector 

- other tips: mayb go online and find some vids and basic must knows or js go to tp website and find out some stuff pertaining to the modules and all loll  
[https://www.tp.edu.sg/schools-and-courses/students/schools/asc/veterinary-technology.html](https://www.tp.edu.sg/schools-and-courses/students/schools/asc/veterinary-technology.html)

tbh this is all ikk i can ask some friends at sch tmrw, good luckkk :))

Comment by Chance_Occasion_8526: hi, i got into vet tech thru eae last yr. if u wanna know more, u can tele me @wai_yannn

Comment by chhhlllooe: Yooo have you gone for your interview yet?

Comment by jmndpity: ok tysm!!

Comment by One-Text-7230: hii, what did your friends say ab what aptitude test they are doing and the questions they might be asking during the interview

Comment by jmndpity: hii i sent you a msg on tele!

Comment by jmndpity: yupp went for it last friday

Comment by AdConscious4350: Hihi have sent u a msg

Comment by InternalReporter6514: Hii! I'm also doing eae interview for vet tech tomorrow 🥲 I'm super duper scareddd. Can I know what kind of stuff they ask you and how was the aptitude test?

Comment by Competitive-Sugar725: hey! what time is your interview tmr?

Comment by InternalReporter6514: are you going going for an interview tmr too?

Comment by Competitive-Sugar725: yep! at 5pm

Comment by InternalReporter6514: going at 4.30pm! I might see you lol

Comment by Competitive-Sugar725: most likely! Good luck for today!

Comment by InternalReporter6514: you too!

Comment by Equal-Caterpillar635: hey atb for ur interview but i have not gotten my shortlisting does that mean im rejected?

Comment by Competitive-Sugar725: hihi thanks! and do you mean shortlisting for the interview?

Comment by Equal-Caterpillar635: yepp

