Comment by MilkTeaRamen: If your final aim is to make it to uni, having 3 CCAs won’t add a dent of impact. Unless it’s leadership roles or you won some award under that capacity.

It’s fine to join CCAs in Y2, most people won’t be bothered by it.

If you want to earn SEAL points, just enter random talks and courses that awards it. But I don’t think it has much bearings on much items. 

I would say just go for CCAs that is something that actually excites you or something that you enjoy. Don’t join for the sake of points or peer pressure.

Comment by Duality_P: join a bunch, then quit some of them if you cant juggle the ccas.

Comment by elynnieie: i heard frm my snr that when she applied to uni they didnt even look or ask about seal points and that seal points dont rly help much to increase ur gpa. i feel focusing on ur gpa is bttr cos all in all no uni will accept anyone w low gpa. imo i feel it oni helps when ur competing against someone wnthe same gpa as u den the seal points come in. dont worry over seal points!! go for leadership position instead or clubs related to ur diploma or future career prospect. gives u a bigger boost than joining ccas. enjoy poly life!! 🤩❤️

Comment by Odd-Canary-3670: Best to have at least 20

Comment by iBooMzZ: Go home club gud enough

Comment by ReElliot: Uni does care about CCAs btw, contrary to the other comments saying that uni doesn't. It's just how you phrase it and how much contribution you made. 

For example, if you plan to study psychology in uni, you can join CCAs that show your interest in psychology and apply for leadership positions which gives you the opportunity to have field work in the discipline. Unis like to see your passion for your interests as well as your ability to execute your interests. 

Uni also have ABA (Aptitude-Based Admission) options, but I think that's towards sports stuff. If you represent your school in various competitions and win awards, then they'll include it in your application. 

But overall, always maintain your GPA to the uni standards. Tbh, for the top 3 unis, you have to aim for at least a 3.6 or 3.7. if not, your chances of getting in is close to 0. Remember, you're competing with JC kids, people who finished their gap years, people who are applying again after getting rejected the previous year, and international students (idk if this is legit or not but I just include it). So having a high GPA is crucial, if you want to add some sprinkle into your portfolio, CCAs are a good choice, but work experience like internships are great! 

Now to answer your question, 1 CCA is enough in year 1 or throughout your entire poly years. It's just a matter of what your future goals are. Always choose quality over quantity, many CCAs don't mean that you're the best student (unless you're having leadership positions in all of them, but I doubt anyone can handle it without it affecting their GPA).

There are also a lot of opportunities for you to earn SEAL points, not just in CCAs. So do look out for email blasts or events that you heard from classmates or friends. But do take note that certain activities are able to fulfill your Service points, Enrichment points, Achievement points, and Leadership points. There is also a cap limit to Service and Enrichment points, so plan carefully.

Comment by Rare_Increase7185: Dear OP, 
Giving you some elderly advice from a guy in his late 20s here who had also went through poly. 

Screw the CCAs lah. If you want to have fun, just have one CCA will do. Seal points don’t mean jack shit. Have fun in poly, for it is one of the most memorable times in your life, but always remember that you primary objective is not to socialise and have fun, but to STUDY and graduate with a respectable GPA. Trust me when I say this, your 3 years will fly past very very very fast. It did for me. Before you know it, you’re y3 tomorrow and there’s nothing you can do about your lousy 2.5 GPA. No Uni to go to, only can afford private Uni which costs a bomb. So please. Have fun, but study smart, study hard and focus on studies. Cheers, and all the best.

Comment by Top-Baseball-2250: join clubs with low commitment needed

Comment by stackontop: Uni wont care about things like that. But if you really want to join a cca, just talk directly to the person in charge, be it the captain or the coach. You only have 3 years in poly, don’t waste half a year on waiting on the side while others are having fun.

Comment by Professional_Cut_807: I don't think anyone really gives a damn, so just do what you enjoy! You're likely to perform better that way anyway

Comment by Only-Show-544: Certain CCAs may allow you to join, drop them a DM to check if you are able to join. 

FYI, there are various categories for SEAL points and Cap to how much you can get for certain roles or categories.

Don’t feel left out that you are only in 1 😅 some prefer to be in one and invest all their time in it, while others may be in 2-3 probably because of their interest, wanting to gain experience or just wanting to earn SEAL points. 

I would recommend that you see what is your interest and capacity to take on additional CCAs.

And yea it’s fine to join in Y2

Comment by Happy-Mission-5901: 50

Comment by CertainJury8219: Be good at 1 than average at 2-3. 

Have achievements not participations. 

Commitment is what you need to consider when academics get harder.

Comment by Sad_Recognition7282: Me when I can't get into poly because some guy has 3 CCAs while I have 0 (his CCAs are irrelevant to the course)

Comment by throwawayenyar: Interesting, can you share then what benefit is there to having 3 CCAs (other than for maybe social reasons)? And what do unis look for?

Comment by damusuck: Y3 I have 10 seal

Comment by HyenaAntique1650: Got into nus, seal point don’t matter. Just focus on gpa.

Comment by Duck79639: it can help u if are just abit away frm the cut off the enter the uni course uw

Comment by MilkTeaRamen: I don’t see the benefits of having 3 CCAs, since I said it won’t add any impact to your resume.

Even if you’re that interested in all 3 CCAs, you won’t have the capability and capacity to participate in all to the fullest. That’s just too much effort and remember you’re still a student first.  

Unis these days are most interested in aptitude, external experience in the field like relevant internships, participation in competitions and professional accreditations.

Like if I’m the President of the Investment CCA and I apply for a Business course I’m gonna have a higher chance of getting it then versus a student with CCAs in running, soccer, swimming. 

Oh and if I attended someone business case study and won something, that’s gonna further cement my chances. 

But obviously, I would still encourage one to choose the top CCA that they have interest in, even if it won’t help you directly in life later on. For most, poly could be the last time they touch a book in their life, might as well make the most of it and do something they truly enjoy.

Comment by mach8mc: it's just like having gfs, 1 is not enough, the more the better

Comment by Jesusiscoolyay: A bit hard for top 3 
GPA way to go

