Comment by mount2010: Hi there, I'm a current TP student who dabbled a bit in the club CCAs.

Regarding day to day experience, the CCA leaders try their best, but ultimately understand they're students like you. Don't expect extremely mindblowing experiences from CCA. In some ways they're like secondary school CCAs, but with student leadership instead. If you're used to having instructors or teachers in CCA sessions, then that doesn't seem to exist in poly, at least for the CCAs I've joined. I wouldn't say you should expect to pick up any really useful skills or knowledge from CCA, given the student leadership are not experts. 

Most CCAs are during the evening or during "Flex Week" which is a kinda-like-elearning-week every 3 weeks in TP.

CCA events/meetings are usually posted on the CCA's chat group (whatsapp, Teams, whatever) or Instagram.

Commitment: depends on the CCA, obviously - if you join sports CCAs I think those will push you to the school team so that might be different.

Regarding 8, for club CCAs, nope. In fact you can join several CCAs and just attend whenever and whatever you feel like. Some CCAs might have different policies. I know people who literally joined 10+ CCAs.

Leadership skills: every CCA (that I know of) has a "subcommittee" and "main committee" which are the student leadership that organizes and staffs events so that's what that probably refers to. I've never joined a subcomm or main comm so I can't really answer for that.

Regarding 11, there's a student web portal where you can check the CCA points. Honestly? They're quite easy to get. There's a lot of "free CCA points" events that you get points for just for showing up to. It's very hard to graduate without any. If you hold any class positions (such as Class Representative, poly version of a monitor), you will also get CCA points. There's people who grind them and get thousands of them but I'm not quite sure what the utility of doing that is.

TL;DR it's quite a bit different from secondary school mandatory CCA where you have to join one CCA and stick to it, it's much more flexible in poly. CCA points are not a big deal, it's more of a "I did this in poly" record.

Comment by Clean-Engine9476: Dude I got no cca 🤷‍♂️

