Comment by Consistent-Local-927: did not expect myself to be whiteknighting on reddit for a lecturer
honestly, good on you for being able to recognize the situation and resolve it in a more civil and mature manner
unfortunately, as evident by the recent posts on this sub, the state of IIT isn't the greatest, which is undeniable in SOME cases. the unfortunate truth is that some lecturers do really have a lot to do. mr hamzah himself is the subject lead for some modules which are really quite intensive to make materials for, EVERY WEEK, and i am decently surprised by the amount of labs, practical materials, and word documents i see with his formatting. believe me when i say that most of the lecturers are doing what they can and are open to feedback. teaching IIT (classes which dont really respond back nor talk) is really like talking to a brick wall, and it isnt easy to do allat every week. however, like he said, they are usually open to feedback, and would gladly take what feedback they can to be more engaging for both their and our sakes. and if you do come across lecturers who are truly dismissive of your feedback/dgaf and are here for idk what fucking reason, if it is really necessary, contact your course/school chair, they will take the appropriate action necessary. (dont witchhunt any lecturers, please talk to them first)

tldr: most lecturers arent bad people, talk to them if you have issues, dont witchhunt please, mr hamzah is my goat 🐐

Comment by reubswang: Clearly you don't talk to lecturers enough. Maybe you should stop being a keyboard warrior and find out what ACTUALLY goes on behind the scenes. You are speaking solely based on rage and your own experience but you're missing a big picture.

Yes, I do not like and agree with some things or how things are structured. But time for you to grow up. This is no longer secondary school where everything is 'given to you'. Learn to be more independent and open your mouth to ask. I'm sure there's more than 1 lecturer teach each modules, and you got your classmates (unless you're a loner who just yap online then my condolences).

Touch more grass and be more proactive with your own education. Stop complaining and whining (I see you have quite a few post just yapping and yapping).

