Comment by General-Hospital8179: i’m in year 2 sem 2 rn and
1) it’s mixed
2) i have an intel i9 laptop kinda overkill don’t need it to be that strong just follow specs from BYOD list
3) okaylah not bad but lectures all online, gotta watch e-lectures videos before attending online lectures to be awarded SAR-147 Hours. There are some lecturers who are really enthusiastic and makes the module really fun to learn. 
4) it depends because i get to choose my own group mates. but yeah if you get grouped with those lazy ones then be prepared to work your ass off.

Comment by General-Hospital8179: oh ya and if your planning to get the certificate of recognition (COR), your MCs and LOA won’t cover your SAR-147 hours it’ll only cover the TP attendance system. So let’s say i take an MC on Monday where it contributes to 3 hours of SAR attendance, if you see on the TPOSS website, your attendance will still be 100% because the MC covers it but at the SAR attendance website it’ll show that you’ve lost some hours. Yeah just keep that in mind.

Comment by Reeeleleve: 1. Most likely mixed
2. I would say any Nvidia or amd Radeon graphics currently would work
3. Yes lecturers are alright, but there are some that are just boring lol
4. Tbh just be group leader if you want good gpa or yeah peer evaluation good can alr not rly a problem for aerospace

Comment by mount2010: I'm not from ENG but regarding the device to buy, there are highly recommended specs from TP here:
https://www.tp.edu.sg/life-at-tp/tp-students-digital-access-it-matters/students-it-needs.html

Since Aerospace is under one of the "required to own high-end Windows laptops" diplomas, it might be good to buy one with the specs listed here or buy from the recommended models by the school. If you need financial assistance consider applying for the BYOD FAS (they will either reimburse your laptop purchase or give you a laptop for a smaller charge). Though I have to say, that takes a few months, so you may want to have a temporary device ready in the interim.

I have classmates that use computers that didn't match the course specifications and they are suffering a bit, so I would recommend not ignoring this

Comment by Dry_Bar_5847: thank you so much!

Comment by Dry_Bar_5847: that really helps tysm!b

