Comment by nothappygooutside: who is your lecturer? i'm a tp law student here and very honestly a lot of the subjects are self-learnt...

Comment by nothappygooutside: anyways, here's how i usually structure my answers:

-direct answer to the question (one sentence).
-cite your statutes/case laws
-apply the relevant part of the statute/legal principle to the hypothetical situation

business law is generally easy if you don't pay attention to the lecturers - sounds weird but all my peers who have taken business law simply cannot learn from the lecturers because they love going off tangent. google can actually be your best friend and if you want general guides on common law principles, you can read up about it on [singapore law watch.](https://www.singaporelawwatch.sg/About-Singapore-Law/Commercial-Law)

singapore law watch saved my life ngl.

Comment by _potatostick: omg i love biz law and my lecturer (mr sanjay!!), isn’t there a structure they keep asking us to use in the tutorial questions? just use that for exam!

Comment by _potatostick: and wtf is that explanation LOL for my cher this is what he explained the honeymoon suite part as: It is a Warranty, as it worth nothing that the couple were only given a standard room, but they can inform the hotel that since they were promised the honeymoon suite, they are considering suing for breach of the warranty.

Comment by justsomecommonbench: Idk if i can say the name here later he whoop my ass but it's the head of the business law module :(

Comment by justsomecommonbench: Ahhh thank you!! I'll try doing quesgions with that format
Singapore law watch looks like a reaaally good resource to learn from! thanks again

Comment by gigiiii95: we are allowed to bring in cheat sheets and theres no max too. Idk what to bring do I just print all my notes?? 😭

Comment by justsomecommonbench: Hi! thanks for replying, its the Theory, Case Law, Application structure right?

Comment by justsomecommonbench: Waaait this makes so much mote sense LOL thank you! So it's not a condition but a warranty so they can only sue for damages (for not receivinv the promised room)

Comment by Due-Philosophy1389: omg I have the same lecturer he doesn’t give straightforward answers for buslaw and I have no idea what to do for the exam 😭😭

Comment by nothappygooutside: print your notes and relevant statutes. you can also print resources found on Lexis Advance (they dont teach u this in business law this is a TP law hack). dont bother printing case laws youre just wasting paper. you dont need to recite the whole facts of the case which is what most people do. just state the legal principle. i PMed OP with additional resources they can bring to the exam, if you need any guides u can PM me

Comment by _potatostick: yup!

Comment by _potatostick: yup damages only!

