Comment by nothappygooutside: i don't like the people there :) most are unproblematic but unlucky me, everyone i've interacted with there are problematic. 

I've heard that year 1 is relatively easy. Like the rest of BUS, you only have about 4-5 graded modules per semester. You must have a strong foundation in your subjects or you will struggle with the next semester. i know someone who wasn't good in BA and struggled to pull himself up for the rest of his poly life. The jump from year 1 to year 2 is crazy and you are not alone if you are struggling like hell. You will also have to make a decision whether you want to specialise in auditing or investment I believe (please correct me if I'm wrong). In year 3, you will embark on a 20-week internship.

A stereotype is that A&F students are always struggling to get their Dr/Cr to balance. This stereotype is unfortunately true and you might die a little inside trying to balance both sides. I have only taken 2 accounting modules in my 3 years at TP and I can vouch for this. My friends in A&F can vouch for this. 

One partially true stereotype is that the whole course is about numbers. Numbers will feature in your subjects 90% of the time but numbers are just numbers. You have to make sense of those numbers, i.e. analyse and explain what those numbers mean to the company/sole proprietorship. It generally becomes easier with practice. 

As for the people... well, I can speak for the A&F students in my batch (AY 22/23 intake) and there's a lot of drama for no reason, sometimes the drama involves students from other diploma courses too. About 70% of them in A&F are YPs and XMMs, posting capcut edits of themselves on tiktok... go figure.

Comment by randommuserrs: am graduating from tp a&f this year! not too sure about the drama and xmm/yps tho haha but what he said is true for some parts, anf is indeed mostly numbers.

of course we still have theory and presentation but if you were to compare us with other courses, you can definitely feel the difference between our mods and theirs.

imo, the jump from y1 to y2 is quite big and shocking, and you MUST be very consistent in order to do well, forgetting your y1 stuff will not be good for you…. (so if u think u can ‘relearn’ them again in year 2, that unfortunately will not be possible unless u pull all nighter everyday)

however in y3, you have to be very clear on what you wanna choose, accounting or finance cluster, so if possible, go and ask around what your anf are learning in the respective cluster before you choose 

i am in the accounting cluster and took subject like fundamental of tax and practice of tax, as well as audit and advance accounting (aa is hell omg)

if you have any questions drop me a msg! all the best if you are in tp anf!

Comment by iamjooooo: My friend enjoyed her time there. :)

Comment by brewberrries: if you do ur tutorials diligently easy to do well 
also i chose accounting cluster 
dm if u need more info 
source: ex a&f

Comment by Equivalent_Photo_835: the hardest modules that a diploma in business student takes would be the easiest modules that an anf student takes 🤣

most number of written exams and tests in school of business, i feel for them..

Comment by LoadEnvironmental316: Better than my time in 2015 cos I only got to specialize in year 3 and many employers couldn't accept my cert so I did nus accounts after I ord in 2020 with a gap year...

Comment by CompleteBase1475: isit easy to get gpa higher than 3.6 how much u got

Comment by LoadEnvironmental316: If u like numbers it's OK I think but now u can do common business programs which I recommend to get a big picture in year 1

Comment by randommuserrs: ill say its rather easy to get a gpa higher than 3.6 bcs anf is heavily exam based, we do have grp projects but not as much as other course, so if u study real hard before exam, its easy to get 3.6. my current CGPA is 3.9 and waiting for my 6th sem’s result.

Comment by LoadEnvironmental316: Got 3.74 from this course 10 years ago when it was a lot of exams and it is possible if u are consistent 

