Comment by nothappygooutside: quite snakey. not in the sense that there are backstabbers, gossiping, or drama. but your groupmates are either not doing anything or they are trying to outperform you and the rest of your groupmates. finding groupmates in between is a challenge imo.

BUS is slack compared to other schools, with usually 1-2 days of no classes on your schedule. try to make use of these days to catch up on assignments and topics because a lot of people don't spend it wisely. there are typically 4-5 modules per semester excluding TPFUN which is considered few.

for our first sem, all BUS students take the same modules. if i'm not wrong (i was y1 in 2022), it's business econs, business accounting, principles of management, and business technology and analytics. i forgot what are the TPFUN modules i took, think it's career readiness and LEADFUN. CBP used to be a one-semester programme but it's now a full year, so i'm not sure what your second semester will entail.

BUS has the worst canteen imo, half of bizpark is closed now and it's really not great to begin with. i like going to design pad or mcdonald's for lunch. if you have sufficient time between lessons, you can even travel outside school to have your lunch. that's why we have First Avenue to compensate for the shitty canteen. First Avenue is a fully automated convenience store and there's actually a lot of appealing snacks you can buy there, just expect prices to be 150% higher than 7-11 or Cheers.

regardless of your course, there will be a variety of people to meet, including 4.0 grinders, normal people, YPs, XMMs, and teacher's pets. try to get to know your classmates well as you can choose your groupmates most of the time and you'll know who to avoid for group projects.

Comment by Disastrous-Gold-4700: Current y1 cbp student here, you won’t really like it if you’re an introvert. I speak from experience.

Comment by elijahvawgora: Yes I alot people hate it in business trash

Comment by Equivalent_Photo_835: agreed. business school first and foremost is a people’s game. the people you mix with and work with will matter more than your individual capabilities. choose carefully and learn how to people read.

Comment by Excellent_Copy4646: What if ur your groupmates that not doing anything happens to be ur crush or better yet bf/gf?

Comment by nothappygooutside: rethink your romantic choices? what makes you think a person who is uninvested in a group effort will be invested into a romantic effort between two people??

Comment by Excellent_Copy4646: But they are two seperate issues, i didnt want to mix both issues together.

Comment by nothappygooutside: that's a common mistake most people make when they're in love lol. looking only at how your partner acts within the relationship.

if your partner treats you well but is a shitty person outside of the relationship, they are still a shitty person. i wouldn't want to date someone irresponsible who can't even get a group project done.

that being said, it's your relationship and i dont have any right to tell you what to do with it. 

but you have to agree with me on this: you should hold your partner accountable. giving them leeway just because you are dating them is only going to do them and yourself harm.

