Comment by junhao995: IPad falls under tablet category and not really a notebook to begin with. 

For your course that probably be dealing with graphical intense tasks, it's best for you to get a MacBook Pro with an M1 Processor or a high end windows laptop. 

If one of your core modules happens to use Adobe Premier pro, IPad will not be supported.

Comment by okwhatelse: not sure about design, but some apps might need a laptop to work

Comment by fefemp3: you need a laptop, preferably a MacBook in CMD course. Im in cmd and we heavily use apps like photoshop, illustrator, after effects and figma

Comment by error_urbitch: I'm not in CMD but as a person under ADM/FMD I can attest that illustrator barely/doesn't work on your ipad unless you tweak a TON of settings and that doesn't even prevent crashes from just a bit too much shit 
Especially for a course that relies so heavily on it just get a macbook 😭 it's not worth the crashout

Comment by VividConsequence4507: CMD Y2 here. wouldn't recommend solely on an ipad only as others have said, some softwares can only be ran on a laptop/notebook

for ease, you could get yourself a base 14' macbook pro with as much ram as you can afford as it would be better for future proofing

if you're on a tight budget, i recommend getting any window laptops release after mid 2024 as they have since become as good as a macbook in terms of specs, performance and battery efficiency but at a lower cost

Comment by Leather_Objective504: please get a mac!!!!!!!! ipads are good to supplement but you won’t last in design with JUST an ipad

Comment by None: hi, y3 in cmd here, pls PLS get a laptop! An Ipad is definitely not gonna be enough :”

Comment by cl0rkw0rk: You'll need to use Adobe software. Most of my class used Mac book pros, but me and some of my friends used stronger windows laptops.

Comment by webbyspidey: Note book = Keyboard and mainly software. A lot of software that is on macbook isn’t supported on iPad. iPad is a tablet too, not a notebook

Comment by Miniyi_Reddit: just get macbook, i mean you could learn something on iPad on year 1 but after that you might need a desktop or MacBook to do ur homework. also, most jobs would be on computer desk anyway, make urself comfortable with it

Comment by Caledoniaa: If you get the MacBook Pro with an M1 you'll be good and it'll last you for quite a long time. Are they expensive yes. Are they somewhat flashy and glamorised, yes. However I would view it as an investment into your future, Apple Education is usually cheaper and you can spread the cost finance free over 12, 24 or 36 months if money is tight. Best of luck!

Comment by Mushroomdonut: CMD alumni here and iPad is definitely not gonna suffice because you will be using adobe effects and photoshop/illustrator for assignments which is simply not doable on iPad adobe app. Everyone in my class had a laptop too.

If you are not looking to get an MacBook I would recommend getting Asus for windows laptop and make sure u are getting 16gb ram min for the best user experience if not your laptop might take really long to load for certain assignments. ATB!

Comment by None: macbook air M1/M2 13" 16/24gb RAM + 512gb SSD is actually pretty good, you can get a refurbished model from the official apple store or a brand new one under the student discount (sign up for unidays, you get about $80 off iirc). You don't even need a macbook pro unless you're doing heavy duty video editing (premiere pro or after effects) or 3D stuff (like blender or C4D Lite). Used to work as a designer and used both air/pro models and the air models are much more capable nowdays for adobe. also not sure if they're gonna teach y'all figma or coding (VSCode) - definitely not supported by ipadOS.

Comment by ariTech: I am in the tech industry for 15 yrs, most professional tools are remotely not there on iPad. Or maybe a toned down version. So if you are going into either tech or even design then a laptop is a must, iPads wont do. For design a lot of tools are exclusively on mac hence for designers mac has become the default choice since u can get both cross platform as well as mac exclusive ones.

Comment by DaMuchi: Might as well ask if your apple watch can.

Comment by whatsnewdan: MacBook means.....macbook

Comment by sageadam: Why did you even enroll into a design related course if you have no plans to get a Mac book?

Comment by elijahvawgora: Woah do u mind telling me what else you use?m

Other than Adobe and premier pro?

Comment by elijahvawgora: 🤝🏻

Woah do you mind telling which app craches your macbook?


Oh if u know laptop stuff do u know what type of specification on a laptop is good for this course??

Comment by Longjumping_Leg_8152: Sorry but I'm not going to recommend windows laptops unless they have a dedicated graphics. Even then OP might still end up with some underpowered laptop with a U cpu and gtx graphics with barely enough vram to feed photoshop.

OP, if you are on a tight budget try looking at old 14"mbp something like a m1 pro, go for higher ram when possible, it's easy to get external ssd when you need more storage. They should go for about 1.5k on Carosell for 16gb ram and 512gb ssd.

Comment by None: in Singapore it's only 12 or 24 months with a approved credit card! but yes there is student discount for the macbooks + ipad.

Comment by opalnightfall: no offense but i have never said i didnt plan on getting a macbook, obv if i cant use my ipad ill get a macbook

Comment by error_urbitch: (Mb for the late reply btw)

For the macbook honestly none, just the usual adobe programmes (photoshop,illustrator) when you overload the programme somehow someway :p just seriously remember to save your stuff 

As for laptop stuff just follow the sch's provided form for specifications 😭 CMD you are allowed to get both macbook and laptops afterall without any specific high end specs. Just follow what's in your budget/factor in if uw to use it for other stuff outside poly

Honestly just get stuff with a high storage space paired with decent graphics just so adobe programmes dont explode due to your pc underperforming and u are probably ight

Comment by sageadam: If you can use an ipad then you're not planning to get a MacBook wad?

Comment by elijahvawgora: Dam nice 

Could u recommend any storage like external storage 


I heard got hard drive or soft drive? Idk i noob.


Also usually are the work or project crazy? Can y share what you do for urs? In dm maybe?

Comment by opalnightfall: i dont see why i should get a macbook if my ipad would have been sufficient, obviously now i know it wont ill get one

