Comment by yq27: most of it is either pass or fail, except for ecomm and procomm which will affect ur gpa

Comment by BJ-MD: for me it was ecom and procom only

Comment by Dangerous_Elk_8716: everything except for career readiness, career management, leap and sports and wellness is graded those i listed are pass fail 

i have no idea about leadership fundamentals i did not have that during my course of study (i grad last year)

those grades are based on individual and group for the most part

innovation and entrepreneurship (innova) was a nightmare if you happen to see startup launch pad in the future it’s like innova but worse

Comment by Middle-Complaint9127: ECOMM & PROCOMM graded. The rest pass/fail.
If you’re in ASC, final INNOVA project will be a collab with NUH, NUH portion is graded.

Comment by nothappygooutside: ecomm, procomm, and GS were graded for me

Comment by Vinhunter666: Bruh innova was graded last time , legit waste of time

Comment by Most_Spring_9825: Professional Communication

Comment by BudgetDevv: IIRC innova and GS were graded, but things changed

Comment by FirstJakey1043: may I know how global studies is graded . Isn't it just going to another country

Comment by Aggravating-Tie832: Really? i thought js ecoms and procoms

Comment by nothappygooutside: no. after visiting the country, you will be given ONE WEEK to do a graded video presentation on one aspect of culture of the country you visited. however, your presentation can also be on another country. you are given a list of countries to choose from so most students do not choose the country they visited, they just choose the "easiest" country. but i think it's better to do the country you visited because you can include your own photos and videos in your presentation.

at the end of the semester, you have to do a 1200-word essay on cultural differences.

i was supposed to go to india for GS as i already visited all the other countries offered, and i was looking forward to it. i was so upset when the trip to india got cancelled and i didn't get to go overseas. for my presentation, i ended up doing one on myanmar LOL

Comment by Most_Spring_9825: My global studies was just pass or fail.

Comment by BudgetDevv: Yeah, we sorta have it good now. It is a good change tbh, enabling us to focus on the more important and relevant core subjects

