=== POST CONTENT ===
Title: drop out fees?
Author: Prestigious-Fold3755
Score: 5
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/TemasekPoly/comments/1dyc6pp/drop_out_fees/
Created: 2024-07-08 23:47:13
Body: **EDIT: I got my answer, thank you**



I am y1 in CDP and I seriously want to drop out. I've thought about it thoroughly and already discussed it with my parents and care person (though my CP wants me to stay). I've emailed the school asking about the fees, which confirmed that I do not have outstanding tuition fees for the current semester, but that their colleagues will email me if there is any other outstanding other than tuition fees.

But I don't know what other fees there are, and how much it would cost. Does anyone have any ideas as to what it could be + how much it would be?


=== COMMENTS ===
Comment by jtchua88: Should you be more worried about what you're going to do if you're not going to be in school?

Comment by EpicCubers: Temporary solutions are not the way. Try to at least finish a diploma, at least your future prospects will look brighter.

What happens when the costs increase, what will happen to you... more work? Doing multiple menial jobs is not the way.

Some suggestions:
Ask the government for support
Have your care person help with administration for funding. 
Take secured bank loans to at least finish school
Work study program

Comment by NyandaKun: Hi there, I am really sorry to hear about the situation that you are in. I just want to share with you some experience in any institution in general even in ITE . 

I got some friends who actually enroll in ITE and they suddenly quit after like after year 1 semester 1 due to several reasons that I have heard such as academic issues, family issues or even personal issues. And I just want to say that dropping out of school just makes you lose a lot of things that you should be enjoying in your youth such as having friends , enjoying some fun in school and learning more about yourself. It’s really sad that these friend of mine who I spoke to , left due to their own circumstances and none of my classmates remember them like they don’t exist . 

I personally do not want to barge into your situation unless you are okay with it. Whatever situation you are in, I wish you all the best for your future endeavor and I hope that you could find your own happiness and what suits you best .

Comment by Deadlock64: If it would help, my friend dropped out and does ITE work study Diploma. His in a job right now earning 2.8-3K. I would recommend you to explore other choices rather than dropping out.

Comment by Prestigious-Fold3755: I'm going to look for a job (eg fairprice/7-11) even though the pay is low, as the bills im my house arent high 👍
It's what I wanted to do before going into TP anyway

Comment by AmbientClamShell: Sorry if I’m being nosy, but however that doesn’t sound like a sustainable life plan. I don’t know your familial circumstances, but I think at the very least if you’re going to drop out, you could maybe consider doing JAE again?

Comment by AmbientClamShell: I know I’m being preachy but I feel you’re seriously throwing shit to the fan here 😭. Really think before you do this. I’m also a year 1 struggling rn but if you power through at the very least you’ll get a diploma


