=== POST CONTENT ===
Title: reply to food for thought, for those who know.
Author: yvonne1298_
Score: 24
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/TemasekPoly/comments/1i2ppmp/reply_to_food_for_thought_for_those_who_know/
Created: 2025-01-16 22:09:17
Body: Hello,  
Mr Hamzah

Please excuse my tone, its not intentional. trying to correct it too because i do it unconsciously. Sorry in advance.

i respect you for taking the time to respond to my previous comment. I am confident you know who i am as of now and have not made a report yet ( to my knowledge ).  I am sure this is definitely not your first time handling these types of complaints and i understand.

As both parties do have their own concerns. Lets resolve this in a mature manner since we are no longer in secondary school where calling both parties down would help resolve anything. Since you took your time to express the problems you also are currently facing, why not i help you a little bit since at the end of the day,  
we as students are also very eager to learn.

i want to clarify a few things and offer some actionable suggestions based of the response u made to my comment earlier on

1. Minimal guidance for case study - I understand your rationale for avoiding too much influence on our case study. however, maybe a clearer explanation of the expectations or examples of what a good submission would look like would help us better understand more of the project specs.
2. Encouraging questions - you are right. we as students should be asking more questions because at the end of the day. how are the lecturers/teachers supposed to know about the problems we students are facing if we dont voice them out? But sometimes its hard to know where to start when we have not fully grasped the concept of the lab materials. maybe prompting us with more specific questions during class might help. Creating anonymous q&a forms could also help.
3. regarding the slides you go through during class - while generally summarizing is efficient in a sense, diving deeper into certain concepts/ key slides or even providing more time for discussion may make us feel more confident about the labs. Finding the right mix of short summaries and detailed explanations could help everyone understand even better.

I hope this bridges any gaps in understanding and improves the learning experience for the 3 y1 classes u teach.

thank you again for taking the time to reply to my comment though it might have sounded a bit too provocative, which i would also like to apologize for.

not telling you to brush this entire matter off, certainly would not be very eventful right? knowing your humor, wont be surprised if you would be talking about this to ur classes. maybe this matter would also add a little bit of spice to your lectures.

but in all seriousness, rather than just another funny story to share. we are genuinely hoping for a better learning experience moving forward.

thank you for takiing ur time to read this.

Take care,  
\>.<


=== COMMENTS ===
Comment by Consistent-Local-927: did not expect myself to be whiteknighting on reddit for a lecturer
honestly, good on you for being able to recognize the situation and resolve it in a more civil and mature manner
unfortunately, as evident by the recent posts on this sub, the state of IIT isn't the greatest, which is undeniable in SOME cases. the unfortunate truth is that some lecturers do really have a lot to do. mr hamzah himself is the subject lead for some modules which are really quite intensive to make materials for, EVERY WEEK, and i am decently surprised by the amount of labs, practical materials, and word documents i see with his formatting. believe me when i say that most of the lecturers are doing what they can and are open to feedback. teaching IIT (classes which dont really respond back nor talk) is really like talking to a brick wall, and it isnt easy to do allat every week. however, like he said, they are usually open to feedback, and would gladly take what feedback they can to be more engaging for both their and our sakes. and if you do come across lecturers who are truly dismissive of your feedback/dgaf and are here for idk what fucking reason, if it is really necessary, contact your course/school chair, they will take the appropriate action necessary. (dont witchhunt any lecturers, please talk to them first)

tldr: most lecturers arent bad people, talk to them if you have issues, dont witchhunt please, mr hamzah is my goat ðŸ

Comment by reubswang: Clearly you don't talk to lecturers enough. Maybe you should stop being a keyboard warrior and find out what ACTUALLY goes on behind the scenes. You are speaking solely based on rage and your own experience but you're missing a big picture.

Yes, I do not like and agree with some things or how things are structured. But time for you to grow up. This is no longer secondary school where everything is 'given to you'. Learn to be more independent and open your mouth to ask. I'm sure there's more than 1 lecturer teach each modules, and you got your classmates (unless you're a loner who just yap online then my condolences).

Touch more grass and be more proactive with your own education. Stop complaining and whining (I see you have quite a few post just yapping and yapping).


