Comment by SnowUnlikely: School of iit western stall

Comment by nothappygooutside: dont go bizpark it sucks and not halal - go design pad instead. out of my 3 years in poly i've only eaten at bizpark like 3 times

Comment by Great_Dimension3606: school of design western stall and japanese stall, the chicken rice at iit is also not bad. if anything theres macs and subway, theres also a cafe and fine dining restaurant run by students (not bistrolab) and its rly rly cheap compared to outside prices.

Comment by Constant-Education19: Breadboard/school of engineering chicken rice

Comment by No_Astronomer2047: if you ever go to flavours, be mindful of buying from the nasi padang stall - always overpriced. the ayam penyet stall beside this stall is damn good 10/10 recommend.

Comment by ConlangNerd1: Al Hussein across the road is the best

Comment by jeffeen_NS: design canteen japanese stall or engine western

Comment by Lukazonkx: IIT loklok is nice. Engine 2 is not bad. Engine 1 also good, their mala is relatively okay priced and it's quite good. Unfortunately bum park(bizpark) is hot garbage but at least we have instantchef

Comment by Issa3_kun: There are a lot of good food places around campus but ig only halal food would be the problem. I'm frm school of IIT and there is only 3 Halal stalls. Qe also do have fast food options like Macdonalds and subway. Food won't be a issue ngl it's the studying part 💀

Comment by Great_Dimension3606: bizpark is closed until further notice alr but the banmian and salad stalls have moved to iit

Comment by TreatOk4688: Where's the fine dining restaurant?

Comment by Issa3_kun: That's the only halal chicken rice that I know of. The one in IIT isn't halal and it pissess me off

Comment by yourmomsalovelylady: real shit

Comment by No-Scene-2942: wait wdym by studying will be an issue

Comment by nothappygooutside: i'm from school of business and this is news to me 😭😭

Comment by h0tlatte: say WHAT??? im on intern so i haven't stepped foot in TP... is this how i found out 🥲

Comment by Great_Dimension3606: its at the temasek culinary academy!

