Comment by None: [removed]

Comment by Necessary-Ideal9428: i agree chat... i personally know this dude and i fucking hate this guys guts i hope he burns in hell lmfao

  
like actually please stay away from this dude he's a fucking creep and the fact that he gets to walk off with no punishment is so fucking disgusting after all the shit he's done

Comment by idlivadadosa_: well this just slightly burst my bubble cause im excited as a girl going to tp cep

Comment by blackrosethorn3: Sounds like it's time to get someone arrested... this sounds straight up police case alr

Comment by AdIntelligent1809: What course so I can avoid

Comment by None: [deleted]

Comment by Hot-Guava-6649: #goonicide
#gooneral
#icantgoon

Comment by Odd_Freedom2007: Guh, as a previous victim, this is true, to all ladies, stay 10 meters away from this guy, big walking red flag, my detector didn’t go off unfortunately💔💔

Comment by PandaUnusual9360: lol, nice post. Guys I think I am a victim too guys. Look I also got a burner account.

Comment by rolandddddddddd: crazy that op didn't even give proof

Comment by Critical_Sir3935: Am appalled to read this post . This is cyber bullying !Temasek Poly and the police should be notified. Anyone can just say “ you are a molester , you are a rapist “ ans post any malicious contents they want , then get away Scot free ? If this student Goh was really a pedo or sexual assaulter, where are the victim’s testimonies ? The one who posted this should do some self reflection. It’s because vindictive people like you exist and thats why there are many suicide and depression people out there.

Comment by bricklegos: tp id is crazy 😂

Comment by PandaUnusual9360: Chat? Chronically online nigga right here ... Chat

Comment by Natural-Moment-9576: You don't have to worry too much.

He seems like someone with some special needs, aspersers/autism and fixation issue.

Just make sure you DO NOT engage with or interact with this person and to report him to school authorities or the police when you feel unsafe. For them, a "no" is a starting point for negotiation, its fuel for them, so the only way is to IGNORE completely and go to authorities.

Enough of reports with sufficient supporting evidence of your concerns or going to media will force the school to react ultimately, but i hope he will get the proper psych help.

Comment by Fearless_Sky1016: hii im also a girl entering tp cep this yr! wna be friends!

Comment by Natural-Moment-9576: Document everything with dates and details that will hold in court. They know how to stay in grey areas, so focus on collecting clear evidence rather than reacting emotionally.

Comment by Necessary-Ideal9428: aerospace engin

Comment by Necessary-Ideal9428: Hahaha wait same I wonder how many girls are victims of him

Comment by yhanzzz: crazy that you needed a throwaway account for accusation

Comment by DistinctSouth: [ Removed by Reddit ]

Comment by yhanzzz: Your comment here is utterly laughable at the way its presented. Imagine being dissmissive, accustory and thinking you hold the moral high ground in a case that has nothing to do with you. Let's break down your response ja?

"This is cyberbulöying"

No it is not. Holding someone accountable for their actions backed by reliable evidence is not cyberbullying.

"where are the victim’s testimonies?"

As with many cases regarding SA/Pädophile, many victims may not feel safe nor comfortable in sharing their experiences first hand, and may rely on a third party to do so. Your comment here disregards the complexities of trauma and whatnot, and instead insists that you have a lack of empathy or understanding to victims and the gravity of such situations.

"That’s why there are many suicides and depression out there."

In this statment we see that you completely miss the point of what depression is. You claim that many who are depressed are because they are victims of false accusations. No. I dont think I even need to explain how complex and different depression can be for everyone. This really just shows how shallow and insensitive your thinking is.

Other misc stuff

If you wanted people to engage with a discussion, perhaps work on your tone. Your tone actively allianates others by the sheer lack of understanding and the impression that you are better than others. 

TLDR
do better throwaway account

Comment by DistinctSouth: [ Removed by Reddit ]

Comment by Odd_Freedom2007: Wah, he grocery shopping sia😭, but a lot of people, i from his secondary school, he preyed on a lot of his juniors, including me😔

Comment by None: [deleted]

