Comment by vemgxnce: HELLO fellow HTM student here, it can be q stressful sometimes like for example i had q a few pres in a week but it’s manageable usually its either full weeks worth of class of arnd 4-5 hours. but for some sems maybe 4 days of school. lectures are asynchronous so u otot do but tutorials is a must come with like a non graded pass if u rch three absences. second semester u have to choose an elective which u are exempted from one if u went to ite but other than that its quite presentation based lah so u must be quite the yapper

But attire wise for some
presentations u have to wear like dress shirt trousers, basically business casual but u can wear anyth (from a tux to borderline pjs) 

social life is pretty aight, you get the friends u mix with but id honestly reccomend a chill cca so you can mingle arnd more bc other than that there’s q little opportunity to mix with people outside with ur class ( that you spend three years with )

Comment by Silverskiessora: I just finished Y2 in HTM so this is just my experience:

1. Stress wise it’s quite dependent on what subjects you are doing first since the number of tests and projects can be overwhelming if you do not prioritise earlier deadlines, so ALWAYS CHECK AND PLAN YOUR SCHEDULES AHEAD OF TIME!!!

2. (This may differ since the course is changing just slightly by reintroducing elective mods)
For us, once Work based learning is introduced, you will most likely have one free day to catch up on clocking hours or finishing projects (if you already fulfilled the hour requirements). But for your first year, it’s mostly quite chill apart from exams, but one tip is to try your VERY best in y1 to pull up the gpa before y2 comes in (more technical)

Lectures are all moved online but tutorials are all face to face unless your lecturer changes it. Go for every tutorial if you care about passing the class.

3. From what I experienced, a proper Dress code like formal business wear is required in y2 when you start personal branding. If not, for the start of the school year, just dress in something comfortable and not too distracting.

4. SOCIAL LIFE!!!! As someone who also stays 1hr away, I didn’t join CCAs because of the crazy late training sessions which I will NOT survive. So to make up for it, try joining the various events that are offered, some will give SEAL points (which are like important for uni I think). 

Also, try to make friends that you are SURE you can vibe with. Don’t stray on the wrong path👀

THATS ALL WEEEEE!!!! HAVE FUN IN POLY!!!💕💖💖

Comment by None: Tysm 💪💪 I heard from ppl that it's considered one of the less tedious courses when it comes to workload so 💀btw r the electives chosen according to ur credit

Comment by vemgxnce: idk abt other courses but it’s q tiring by itself but it’s dependent on u if ur good at presentations you do well but it’s not based off credit, you can choose whatever

