Comment by nothappygooutside: i've explained in-depth how the schedules and culture of BUS students are like in previous posts. In short: 
1. it is competitive and there are a lot of snakes. 
2. there will be many groupmates who do absolutely nothing in group projects, or groupmates who micromanage just to outperform you.
3. the workload is much easier compared to ENG or ASC.
4. bizpark is completely closed now which means BUS doesnt have a canteen.
5. there is pressure to dress well in BUS. enjoy y1 when you actually have motivation to dress up.

Comment by nothappygooutside: the percentage of BUS students getting into local unis is about 10-20%. it is generally the director's list students who get in, as most uni degrees require MINIMALLY a GPA of 3.6 and above (depending on the degree). for a degree in business, your GPA should be 3.8 and above. 

if you want to know what are the GPAs of poly students getting into local unis, check the indicative grade profiles (IGPs) of the degree you are aiming for by visiting the university's website. it will give you a rough "cut-off point" for that degree. and yes, you will see that most IGPs of local degrees are 3.7-3.9. it is MUCH EASIER SAID THAN DONE to get a GPA above 3.5, so work hard and DO WELL IN Y1, because once you fuck up your GPA in Y1 it is almost impossible to pull it up in Y2 and Y3. 

for BUS, avoid getting macbooks as microsoft 365 is difficult to operate on IOS, especially as you will be taking BTA in sem 1. those of us with windows software find it much easier to navigate.

i'm a Y3 student here.

Comment by Due-Philosophy1389: Hihi I just ended y1 in tp business! U can pm me for more info haha

Comment by akinowo: vibes go hard

Comment by elimnry: HII IM GG TP BIZ TOO!

Comment by Successful_Corgi2684: alright thank youu for your input!!!

Comment by finaledance: Hi! What about marketing course if you know anything about it? Like can be general or anything! How you described it is it similar to business or?

Comment by No-Ladder7396: Hi, how about the studying environment about the international trade and logistics if u know anything about it. Thank you!

Comment by Successful_Corgi2684: HELLOOOOO SEE YOU THEREEEE!!!!!

Comment by nothappygooutside: hi i only have one friend in marketing who's in the director's list, so the experience she described to me might not be as universal as the "average" student. she's also from a sports cca.

i know that it's very busy for her, but a high gpa can be acquired if you're competitive and committed enough. the environment is roughly the same as diploma in business, of course you will be taking more specialised modules in marketing (idk the modules sorry). the number of modules you take is roughly the same as the rest of BUS, 4-5 per semester.

every diploma in BUS has its own special "room" in block 26. for marketing, i think it's marketing hub. which is quite lame because it's just a normal classroom with transparent walls 😂 

internship wise the companies you apply to is quite diverse as the diploma itself has a wide scope of application, as compared to law diploma where you are mostly limited to law firms. the internship is 20 weeks in sem 3.2 btw. 

people-wise i can't speak for marketing but the general consensus in BUS is snakey, that's all i can say

Comment by finaledance: What you mentioned above is really helpful!! Does business course internship have to be directly related to any of the 3 specialisation offered? And if I would want to intern about marketing under business course is that actually possible?

Comment by nothappygooutside: hi, the course i'm from there's no specialisation, but i guess your job scope must be related to your specialisation. i have a few friends from a&f and their intern was all related to their specialisation.

it wouldn't make sense to intern in another specialisation altogether as you would not have the required knowledge to be competent in the job. i don't think companies will want to hire an intern from another specialisation also.

if i'm not wrong, business students have a variety of job scopes to choose from during internship applications, as business is a very diverse course. marketing might be one of these job scopes but i'm not entirely sure as i'm a law student.

