Comment by strwberri111: for y1, yes all shld have, can refer to this:  https://www.tp.edu.sg/schools-and-courses/students/schools/asc/medical-biotechnology.html
if u take additional maths in sec school, it will be an advantage for mas module coz easier for u to understand concepts. For chem, shld be fine, most of it similar to pure chem if u take, i think most of the lecturers teaching chem is quite okay aso. For bio, think theres basic microbiology & cell biology which will they teach ltr ah, there’s also hands on it also. For the bio module, its defo more elaborated information compared to sec school.

Tests usually 15-25% if im not mistaken for y1 (correct me if im wrong cos y2, some of the modules for term test % differs). Don’t think theres any semestral exam, only for SAS which is usually y1, sem 2. (Semestral exam has more weightage, if i remember correctly, prolly 30-40% ish? )
But ya, applied science relies alot more on hands on (skills test, which u will have for bmic/pipc), term test & grp/indiv projs. 
Try to score well for y1 lol bcs i regret it alot, my mas module pull my whole gpa down

Comment by scams-are-everywhere: Toastmasters is quite welcoming and has a warm environment for newcomers!

Comment by SeniorMacaroon7028: Hii what,is mas ,i didn't take a maths and took combine bio and chem

Comment by strwberri111: mathematics in applied science! abit like amaths but more application based qns, hate it sm omds

Comment by SeniorMacaroon7028: Ohh what chp do u recommend studying 
Rn I learning differentiation ,integration 

For bio and chem I don't know where to start

Comment by strwberri111: yes, differentiation, integration & logarithm is good👍
bio & chem sem 1 no need worry so much, i think u are able to catch up on that. For bio, they will rlly start from scratch on the cell nutrients/media/phases etc so don’t hv to worry sm, also enjoy ur holidays LOL bc once poly start, won’t rlly got tht much time

Comment by SeniorMacaroon7028: Ok thank you!

