Comment by Existing_Zucchini_62: Idk about SATA but i just went to those under the block clinics and asked fr color vision test and they did it fr me.

Comment by Low-Late: hi i want to ask , if you cant get the colour vision test within 5 working days do i call tp to let them know then submit whatever document i have or what.. i tried calling and emailing them but didnt get any reply so far

Comment by mount2010: Yeah I remember the medical test, that was annoying lol, such a short time to get it done too

I think yes, SATA accepts walk-in, call them first

Comment by Fancy-Aardvark7650: Hii may ik what course are u in ?? js wanna know which course requires Colour vision test

Comment by gisa_As748: Anyone know where to get a colour blind test at woodlands? Struggling to find a place ;( called a few places and they said they don’t provide that service :( It is getting a bit frustrating because some of the wait time is like 20mins just to hear a no…

Edit: i searched other polytechnic pre-admission colour vision test :D other polytechnic added a list of places you can go for a colour vision test! For anyone who is struggling to find a place like me ;]

Comment by Equivalent-Ride8136: Just a question, did you send a softcopy of the colour vision form to temasek or do u print it out

Comment by OkArt2107: i also cant get mine in 5 days and emailed them already! they told me i can submit it when i am able to

Comment by Equivalent-Ride8136: Try to do it on Monday when the office is open!

Comment by Equivalent-Ride8136: Just a question, did you send a softcopy of the colour vision form to temasek or do u print it out

Comment by Equivalent-Ride8136: All courses in IIT and Engineering i believe

Comment by Existing_Zucchini_62: I printed it out for my doctor to sign and stamp then took picture and convert to pdf to send to temasek

Comment by Low-Late: okay thank youu!!

Comment by Low-Late: okay thank you!

Comment by mount2010: For me it was

- print it out
- bring it to SATA
- let them fill it in
- they will submit to TP

