Title: my experience w/consultancy internships
Author: Adventurous-Dog17
Score: 24
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/TemasekPoly/comments/1iu4a6e/my_experience_wconsultancy_internships/
Created: 2025-02-21 01:39:05
Body: yo, i'm a y3 iit student. i'm finishing my internship soon, and i thought it'd be good to write down how much of a nightmare it was for me during my internship. i might just be spoiled or wtv, but i hope my experience will help sway your decisions.

in my personal opinion i would highly advice against it. i recommend you self source and get yourself one that you know you will enjoy and handle well, or if the school gives you something like ncs etc take it. i know a few students who are working in the school without an allowance and are suffering from it but my post isnt about that. this was an internship tp gave me, and i honestly wished i took more time to self source instead

as a consultancy intern, you'll probably get the higher end of pay, $800/mth, but thats only for the company to meet the minimum for the global ready talent program, where they'll be compensating half of your allowance, so they only pay $400 instead of the minimum $600. you will be expected to work OT and on weekends. in my case, my boss did not compensate me for my OT. 

the management at my company was horrible, as an smc, there was only like, 1-2 people properly managing the company, dont expect much, the management style is way different from local companies. me and my coworker didnt get out emails till november/december, and we were only onboarded in like early december

in my experience as an intern, until you're onboarded for projects, you'll be working on inhouse projects. we did this for about a month. 8 hours of coding a day, pretty standard

once you're onboarded is where the fun begins, its really a gamble with whatever your company picks up as a project. if you're lucky and your company cares about you, you'll get something where your mentor will teach you something and guide you through while giving you hands on experience. for me, it was trial by fire.

if you have multiple projects you'll be bouncing from place to place, working hours vary but usually 9-6, i had some where the people were super kind and caring, while some were an absolute nightmare to deal with, both personality and demand wise. for me, after the first month of projects i was just assigned to a more urgent project.

i moved to a new office for the project, 3-4 months i spent in the office, i rarely saw my mentor/supervisor, he was there occasionally when meetings required him but he never taught me much and i never saw him much. even when communicating with him he's redirect my queries to other senior staff who i'd rely on as my mentors instead. mostly these senior staffs would work remotely, occasionally appearing in office for about 2-3 hours a day. the projects i did were really the epitomy of 'rush to wait, wait go rush', the start had a lot of downtime, where i wasnt allowed to go home until 6pm, so i'd be working on inhouse projects, but as deadlines loomed closer, the amount of work you'd have to rush and do become more and more. you'll be assigned tasks where you won't know shit, so you'll have to self learn or hopefully find someone to teach you. oh also btw most tasks you'll be assigned will require you to wait until after office hours where other people are done working before you start operating. my latest working day was 12am, hadnt had dinner then too. and half the time you wont even meet these deadlines too and will need to have a meeting to extend. expect some of your work to be completely invalidated due to doing it wrong or changes made that you were not updated about. also you'll be thrown under the bus a lot, you'll be given work to do by other people who think you're free, you'll be made to take the blame, and you will be worked like a fulltime worker at a fraction of the cost

anyways, positive thing about this was i learnt a lot and got a lot of hands on experience. but at what cost? this month alone i worked almost 50 hours of unpaid OT, i still have to work on the weekends too, my sleep and eating schedule are fucked and i'm always tired. i have panda eyebags.

take a consultancy internship at your own risk, idk if this is the right place but needed to talk my shit
