Comment by Adventurous-Dog17: some spelling errors here and there, i apologize, tired, had a long day today, but this is just my experience, not all consultancy companies may be like this, not all projects either, i might just have been unlucky and had a bad case. but i also wanted to mention some things to keep an eye out for

1. tp will not care how much ot you work, that is under the organisation’s business. i dont think tp shows you the info before signing, they’ll just ask if you want an opportunity for an internship and send in your resume. my liasion officer just told me to work harder, compensation is also up to the company, but dont expect off days or less working hours as consultation companies go by the tasks that need to be met, you can’t just abandon it and go off early

2. dont expect any company funding for certifications and what not. they most likely hired you for cheap labour, you’ll be working your ass off. my company gave me 0 funding whatsoever, any certifications that i took (in my very little free time) was with my own money

3. please check reviews for your company, be it glassdoor or whatsoever, do some background research for the love of god. i regret not doing mine

Comment by definitelytroaxx: can you namedrop in dms the company 🤫

Comment by IamNotAddictedLol: just curious , was yours 1 yr or 6 months , also for the minimum pay i think might have changed , im in iit and at least the school states minimum is “1.2k” however some students have internships with lower pay ba

Comment by Low_Nobody_5690: Can we choose our internship?

Comment by stayhandsome: Welcome to the workforce I guess. 

Internship is mostly about giving you the sneak peek of what adult working life is. You will apply abit of what you learn from school, learn abit from your mentor, but mostly is really to adjust you to what’s ahead of you once you graduate and join the workforce. You did amicable in a sense that you know what you want once it’s done. That’s the whole lesson to learn from it. In fact, it’s the same lesson I learned when I finished my internship. I crossed the company from my list and the whole industry. Was from an engineering course, interned in a manufacturing company, don’t like the experience, pursued business management when getting my degree.

Anyway, i chuckled when you mentioned ncs is a better experience then you advice looking at reviews via glassdoor. i do not fault you at all because you are green and encountered hell. But hell has levels. Be careful out there. :)

Comment by casper_07: I got my internship in TP grounds. It was after Covid started dying down a little so we could just enter daily and my mentor assigned me software tasks. I would rarely see him every day and so I just told him I’ll WFH and I did for 80% of the internship period. God knows what I was working on during that period but even at peak efficiency, my mentor was busy to even assign much tasks so the overall workload would’ve only went up maybe 50% at most. Easiest 4.0 for the semester, the report was more annoying to write than the actual work done at times

Honestly, u should be able to fuck them over for this despite the liaison officer saying otherwise. Call MOM and ask them about all the details, if you’re wrong then whatever but if you’re right then at least u might be reassigned to another internship

Comment by casper_07: If u outsource yourself, u should be able to. Other than that, pray u get one in school honestly. I’ve had friends that were doing warehouse work that had nothing to do with their diploma and it’s so hard to gas up what you’re doing since even if u got your referral, they’ll likely expose the fact it’s a warehouse role when called by a hiring manager

